
Welcome to the JARVIS AI, a Python-based virtual assistant designed to simplify tasks, provide intelligent responses, and automate repetitive processes. Inspired by the virtual assistant from the Iron Man series, this project showcases the power of Python and its libraries in creating a conversational AI assistant.

Features
Voice Recognition: Converts voice commands into text for seamless interaction.
Text-to-Speech: Responds with a human-like voice using a TTS engine.
Task Automation: Automates tasks such as opening applications, sending emails, or fetching information.
Internet Search: Retrieves data from the web for your queries.
Weather Updates: Provides real-time weather information.
Time and Date: Announces the current time and date.
System Control: Performs system-level tasks like shutting down, restarting, or logging out.
Personalization: Responds to your name and custom greetings.
Prerequisites
To run JARVIS AI, ensure the following software and libraries are installed:

Python 3.x
Required Python libraries:
speech_recognition
pyttsx3
datetime
os
requests
webbrowser
pyaudio (For voice input functionality)
To install these dependencies, use the command:

bash
Copy code
pip install speechrecognition pyttsx3 requests pyaudio
Setup and Usage
Clone the repository or download the source code.

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-repo-name/jarvis-ai.git
cd jarvis-ai
Run the script:

bash
Copy code
python jarvis.py
Interact with JARVIS via voice or text input. Use simple commands like:

"What time is it?"
"What's the weather like in New York?"
"Open YouTube."
"Search for Python tutorials on Google."
Code Overview
jarvis.py: The main script that integrates all features and handles user interaction.
Modules and Libraries: Handles voice recognition, text-to-speech, and task execution.
Customization
Update the greeting and personalization settings in the jarvis.py file.
Add new commands by modifying the execute_command() function in the script.
Contribution
Contributions to improve JARVIS AI are welcome! Feel free to submit issues or pull requests to enhance features or fix bugs.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Acknowledgments
Python community and library developers.
Inspiration from Tony Stark's AI assistant, JARVIS.
Start using JARVIS AI today and experience the future of virtual assistance!